Yo ho! Yo ho! A pirates life for me!
To live is to risk Death.
Things never happen the same way twice.
Fight the battles you're doomed to lose.
The best friendships are made through shared adventure!
So, it has come to this...
People learn to love their chains.
A lie become truth only when people want to believe it.
Evil brings out the best and worst.
If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
You'll always regret what you didn't do rather than what you did.
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead.
Ever tried, ever failed? No matter, try harder, fail again, fail better.
Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.
Walk your own journey.
Never put passion before principal. Even if you win, you lose.
Enjoy the little things.
Wherever life takes you, leave the place shaking, disrupted and trying to imagine what it was like before you came.
'I can't believe I did that' or 'I wish I did that'
Life is either daring adventure or nothing at all.
If your dreams don't scare you they're not big enough.
We make our own destiny.
Do not let the hero in your soul perish.
The brave may not live forever, but the cautious don't live at all.
Some things are better left where they lie.
Stories last forever.
What you remember becomes what happened.
People are suppose to care.
Do not despair.
Some people feel the rain. Others just get wet.
Seek the Mysterium tremendum et fascinans.
The more we have the more we want.
Give more than you take.
You get to choose to not give up.
We can only be responsible for our own path.
We have to go back to a time when warriors would gather around a fire and tell stories.
What if it doesn't work out? Ah, but what if it does...
How you matter is defined by the things that matter to you.
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster.
You can trust a man who occasionally kneels before a toilet.
Fairy tales are more than true; not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
Only enemies speak the truth.
Law: Fuck Yes, or Fuck No.
Who is the happier man... He who has braved the storm of life and lived. Or he who stayed securely on shore and mearly existed?
Feelings are like waves, we can't stop them from coming but we can choose which ones to surf.
Break your heart open so new light can get in, and make you so desperate and out of control you have to transform your life.
Every man is responsible for his own destiny.